The Holy Bible, Berean Bible, Copyright ©2016-2020 by Bible Hub. All Rights Reserved Worldwide.	
Free Licensing for use in Websites, Apps, Software, and Audio:  http://berean.bible/licensing.htm	
Verse	Berean Study Bible - Updated 2-1-2020. This is a draft version and will be updated before the planned printing later this year. 
Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Genesis 1:2	Now the earth was formless and void, and darkness was over the surface of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the surface of the waters.
Genesis 1:3	And God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light.
Genesis 1:4	And God saw that the light was good, and He separated the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:5	God called the light “day,” and the darkness He called “night.” And there was evening, and there was morning—the first day.€”the first day.
2 Thessalonians 2:14	To this He called you through our gospel, so that you may share in the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Thessalonians 2:15	Therefore, brothers, stand firm and cling to the traditions we taught you, whether by speech or by letter.
2 Thessalonians 2:16	Now may our Lord Jesus Christ Himself and God our Father, who by grace has loved us and given us eternal comfort and good hope,
2 Thessalonians 2:17	encourage your hearts and strengthen you in every good word and deed.
2 Thessalonians 3:1	Finally, brothers, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may spread quickly and be held in honor, just as it was with you.
2 Thessalonians 3:2	And pray that we may be delivered from wicked and evil men; for not everyone holds to the faith.
2 Thessalonians 3:3	But the Lord is faithful, and He will strengthen you and guard you from the evil one.
2 Thessalonians 3:4	And we have confidence in the Lord that you are doing and will continue to do what we command.
2 Thessalonians 3:5	May the Lord direct your hearts into God’s love and Christ’s perseverance.
2 Thessalonians 3:6	Now we command you, brothers, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, to keep away from any brother who leads an undisciplined life that is not in keeping with the tradition you received from us.
2 Thessalonians 3:7	For you yourselves know how you ought to imitate us, because we were not undisciplined among you,
2 Thessalonians 3:8	nor did we eat anyone’s food without paying for it. Instead, in labor and toil, we worked night and day so that we would not be a burden to any of you.
2 Thessalonians 3:9	Not that we lack this right, but we wanted to offer ourselves as an example for you to imitate.
2 Thessalonians 3:10	For even while we were with you, we gave you this command: “If anyone is unwilling to work, he shall not eat.”
2 Thessalonians 3:11	Yet we hear that some of you are leading undisciplined lives and accomplishing nothing but being busybodies.
2 Thessalonians 3:12	We command and urge such people by our Lord Jesus Christ to begin working quietly to earn their own living.
2 Thessalonians 3:13	But as for you, brothers, do not grow weary in well-doing.
2 Thessalonians 3:14	Take note of anyone who does not obey the instructions we have given in this letter. Do not associate with him, so that he may be ashamed.
2 Thessalonians 3:15	Yet do not regard him as an enemy, but warn him as a brother.
2 Thessalonians 3:16	Now may the Lord of peace Himself give you peace at all times and in every way. The Lord be with all of you.
2 Thessalonians 3:17	This greeting is in my own hand—Paul. This is my mark in every letter; it is the way I write.
2 Thessalonians 3:18	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with all of you.
1 Timothy 1:1	Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus by the command of God our Savior and of Christ Jesus our hope,
1 Timothy 1:2	To Timothy, my true child in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
1 Timothy 1:3	As I urged you on my departure to Macedonia, you should stay on at Ephesus to instruct certain men not to teach false doctrines
1 Timothy 1:4	or devote themselves to myths and endless genealogies, which promote speculation rather than the stewardship of God’s work, which is by faith.
1 Timothy 1:5	The goal of our instruction is the love that comes from a pure heart, a clear conscience, and a sincere faith.
1 Timothy 1:6	Some have strayed from these ways and turned aside to empty talk.
Psalm 1:1	Blessed is the man who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked, or set foot on the path of sinners, or sit in the seat of mockers.